Hi everyone, I'm here today with these
two mugs of beer filled with water
fruit because I want to talk about water
detox
I'm sure most of you
he already knows what I'm talking about, but in short
for those unfamiliar with detox waters
they are waters that were born into
parallel to the detox diet practically
even if you don't follow this diet
by drinking these waters we can purify ourselves
so purify us are waters from
drink when we want to do some time
of diet some day in which we want
stay a little lighter and eat
we match these waters we can really
have we can really have gods
very very good effects indeed
there are for all tastes today
I'll show who is how to make water
energizing and fat burning though
on my blog that you can
find lots of recipes there is water
of software that stimulates tanning
water that rocked cellulite
purifying water detox in short there are
so many recipes therefore also based
to the ingredients you like best
but also above all to the effect that
you want to get can you really do it
so many and how they make you then has
said I show you how I did these
however, few words put fruit
to vegetables than we want and about
200 grams for a liter of water
me when it cuts a little more but
okay it doesn't matter let's say it's one
indicative quality that's why then I go
in infusion and therefore it is not that a
problem that you have to leave an infusion
one night in fusion reads in
infusion one night or at least four hours
then the next day you drink this water e
possibly combining it with
proper nutrition
maybe by day we drink water
detox we avoid going to the mcdonald
because if not, then
my name is a little ours
intentions and therefore I for example already has
made a liter of this
fat burner energizing liter I will try
to drink both so he had two
liters and will have been good because of
I usually never drink so much and nothing
then I'll show you how it was done
these two waters and let me know in you
comments if there are detox waters
which you prefer or if you never have it
try on white resito write me where
you want on facebook on instagram on the blog
in short, no release to the recipe a
big kiss
Hello
here is how you have seen it is very much
simple to make
now then this makes its own
grapefruit with a lemon aftertaste
ginger I almost don't feel I have to say ea
I like grapefruit I like this
a lot then I also eat lemons
just bitten so here I like it
the harsh if you do not like pro
maybe it won't be yours
liking
this instead good these goals a
much more delicate taste just a
aftertaste of strawberry kiwi fiscamente
but for the moment I don't feel it very much
so this is very delicate a lot
hurry perhaps as a more delicate flavor e
let me know meaning but the waters said
gates Arbace recipe you enjoyed
I send you a super kiss
Hello